feat(circus): added each to failing tests (#13142)
facebook/jest: docs/GlobalAPI.md

Also under the alias: `it.failing(name, fn, timeout)`

> > Note: This is only available with the default [jest-circus](https://github.com/facebook/jest/tree/main/packages/jest-circus) runner.

Reviewer: please keep `::: note`

Author: [done](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/13142/commits/d6ed1fccf15a07cde7285c5d552a31b247cbe269)

});
```

### `test.failing.each(name, fn, timeout)`

> We can also run multiple tests at once by adding `each` after `failing`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Also under the alias: `it.failing.each(table)(name, fn)` and `` it.failing.each`table`(name, fn) ``

:::note

This is only available with the default [jest-circus](https://github.com/facebook/jest/tree/main/packages/jest-circus) runner.

:::

You can also run multiple tests at once by adding `each` after `failing`.
```
